Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
from hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman. It's
all weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number 546. In this episode,
Scott talks with Scott Anderson about
the state of virtual reality,
2016. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes today. I'm
talking with Scott Anderson. He's a
virtual reality engineer at game
developer phenomena. How's it going?
It's going all right now,
are you Scott? I am
very well, and I'm very
happy to be talking to
you because, you know, I
read the verge and I
read ARS Technica and everything
says that this is it.
Virtual reality is really happening
and it feels like it's
been happening for a while,
but now they're telling me
it really, really, really is
happening is it's going to
pop any second now. Yeah,
I mean, I think so.
I wouldn't be moving into
the field if I didn't
feel that was the case.
So, you know, I think
now we're finally at a
point where virtual reality headsets
are good enough and relatively
cheap enough that average consumers
can enjoy them. So I
think that's a, that's a
big thing. I think it's
also the point where high
end consumer level hardware can
drive these headsets. And there's
a lot of different factors
that went into that happening
in a couple of years,
I've used an Oculus rift.
I've used the decay or
the developer kit one and
two. I haven't yet seen
the final one, but, you
know, I saw it getting
better and better, but I
always had that feeling. And
this is again, speaking as
a layman that I'm holding
a phone or a screen
in front of my eyes
and it's really close and
I can see the dots.
Yeah, that's been a significantly.
So I can go into
a little bit. And you
mentioned about the, the current
VR platforms and some ones
that are very close on
the horizon in the future.
Maybe you can give me
a survey kind of like
from the, cause I know
that Oculus is the one
that everyone thinks about, but
I know it's a much
bigger world out there. Yeah.
So If you look at
some of the history of
the development of Oculus, specifically,
not of, of VR in
general, Oculus got popularized with
the Kickstarter and the DK
one or a development kit,
one, as you mentioned, which
I, which I, I am
a backer of. So I've
been interested in VR for
a long time, kind of
populize VR again, but at
the same time and a
little bit before that actually
both valve who is the
creator of steam and half-life
was doing research into virtual
reality and augmented reality devices
and shared a lot of
research and technology with in
virtual reality hardware and software
shortly after the development kit
to Oculus launch, they were
acquired by Facebook. And at
that point, valve kind of
decided to partner with HTC
to create their own virtual
reality headset called Vive. So
the major competitors better outright
now in the PC space
in VR, AR the Vive,
the HTC Vive and the
Oculus rift VR is also
very, very important in mobile
and mobile. Both Oculus is
involved in, in mobile with
Samsung gear VR, which is
a slightly higher end VR
headset, but Google got interested
in VR or around the
time of the release of
the development kit to as
well and made a CAEP
VR system for Android and
iOS called Google cardboard, which
is literally a cardboard box
with lenses taped, You know,
and when that came out,
I legit thought that that
was a joke. Cause you
know, you see funny fake
websites made all the time.
And I totally was like,
Oh, this is perfect. It
looks just like a Google
thing. It's real. And then
someone's like, no, that's a
really a thing like it's
cardboard and it actually is
pretty good. We got it.
I mean, it's, it's, doesn't
compare to, you know, we're,
we're talking about a price
point of really basically free,
but, but I think if
you cost and parts are
like $10 or $15 for
Google cardboard versus It's basically
a phone, right. And versus
a HTC Vive, which has,
you know, full, full room
tracking of your head and
hand positioned custom controllers and
it costs 800 bucks and
requires a, you know, 1500
to $2,000 PC. So it's
a, there's a big spread
in terms of costs. And
these devices right now, Google
is working on, it's not
released yet, even though there
is a preliminary SDK available
on their website for an
enhanced version of cardboard called
daydream, which will be a
little closer to the Samsung
gear VR and, and other
higher end mobile devices in
terms of power. And it
has its own motion controller
and it's a little bit
more fully featured. So, So
let me break this down
again, thinking about this Nively
because that's kind of the
value that I add here.
You take a, let's go
from like the low end
and work our way up
with cardboard. They literally took
a phone and came up
with a cool cheap way
to hold the phone in
front of your face. And
I presume that the phone
has some, you know, gyroscopes
of some kind, but it
doesn't, it's only as good
as the, as the little
$3 gyroscope inside the thing
and the software. So I
don't suppose it really knows
that I've stood up and
walked around, right? Yeah, it
doesn't. So the lower end
devices on mobile, and this
is, this is universal with
mobile devices. Do not do
any positional tracking, which is
a kind of a key
point. And positional tracking is,
is instead of just looking
at where you're facing, like
where your, your head is
rotated, what you're looking at,
it's also looking at your
position relative to a point
in space, usually the center
of the room or to
a camera of your head.
So you can move your
neck. You can, you can
walk around and get up
and walk around and it'll
still compensate for that and
your view in the virtual
world. Okay. So then that
means that the phone that's
floating in front of my
face knows that the phone
has been turned, but it,
it, you know how, like,
if you think about it,
you hold the phone in
front of you and you
turn it up down left,
right. Versus holding the phone
in front of your face
and turning the phone, the
phone, the phone is moving
along an arc length, a
distance from your face. They
can do a little bit
of fakery to figure that
out, but there's a lot
of math going on there.
Yeah. And it's still legitimately
doesn't really know that it's
going along an arc length.
It just thinks it's been
turned. Yes. Ah, so it's
really got it. Doesn't have
near enough information to make
the decisions. It would need
to, to give you a
proper VR experience. Yeah, it
does not. And that's, that's
some of the issue of
phone VR, as you mentioned
before, you could kind of
see the pixels on some
of the earlier develop Oculus
development kits. That is a
artifacts called screen door effect
or SDE. And it just,
it has to do with
both the pattern of the,
the pixels on the LCD
or led screen and the,
the size of those pixels.
So better resolution and better
quality screens help with that.
And this is why some
of the higher end devices
require such powerful graphics cards
because they run it very
high resolution. They're effectively 10
ADP per eye. And realistically,
if hardware was powerful enough,
we'd probably want to go
to 4k per se in
VR, but that's probably years
off. Right. Right. Well, because
you've got it when you
hold the phone, like right
now, I'm literally just holding
my iPhone six plus in
front of my face. I
notice of course, right away
that it's blurry. So I'm
gonna need lenses to make
it clear and close, but
also it can't possibly fail
my field of view. So
I'm looking through a window
if I, you know what
I mean? It doesn't even
remotely fill my view. You're
saying we would need really
4k each eye filling the
complete field of view before
we would get close to
trying to fool somebody that
they were in a real
place. Yeah. Well, I'd say
that the current high end
hardware, even though it's not
that high resolution has relatively
high FOV field of view.
So yeah. Field of view.
So it's generally not a
problem. I think certain people
would prefer it to be
higher. And there are some
experimental and prototype headsets that
have up to a hundred
to 210, or I think
maybe higher field of view,
which gives you a much
more prayerful vision. So if
you, if you imagine the
current devices, you basically are
kind of, you have a
little bit of a tunnel
vision, right? You don't get
that your peripheral vision is
somewhat black, but you're setting
the center field of view
that you normally are focusing
on is perfectly clear. So
you still feel pretty embarrassed.
It's kind of like the
feeling of looking through goggles.
I mean, and in some
ways you are looking through
goggles, right. But is it
scuba diving or had ski,
Glock pebbles on the right
where a little bit of
your, your view is blocked,
but it's still clear and
it feels immersive. Well, you
know, that's really interesting. I,
as I'm sitting here, I'm
looking at our recording stuff
and I'm focused on right
now, I'm looking at your
name. And I just realized
that my other two monitors
to my left and right,
are in the periphery. And
as I look at your
name, I cannot read what's
on the side. So one
could argue that the computer
doesn't need to work so
hard to keep those clear
why, you know, like, so
if you were going to
do 4k, it would be
silly and a waste of
CPU and GPU to not,
it would be silly to
Rico to put full fidelity
and full effort into stuff
that I'm really looking at
in my periphery. So I
bet you with clever software
tricks, you could focus on
the field of view that
the person cares about and
then kind of blur out
and have a gradient of
effort as you get out
to the edges. Yeah. And
a lot of the work
in terms of, and this
is actually a good segue
to, to VR development in
some of the tools that
we use in VR development,
but there's currently a lot
of active research and constant
updates in both game engines,
which tend to be the
way that people offer VR
content, just because game engines
are the most evolved way.
Building interactive, realtime, 3d content,
which is To go and
build one out of the
box. We're gonna make a
game, let's make an engine.
Yeah. Which for which for
interactive VR experiences is kind
of the way to go
film film is film works
a little bit differently and
it requires custom camera rigs
and some editing software, but
it doesn't necessarily require a
full game engine. But in
the case of any kind
of interactive VR application, they're
generally made in one of
two game engines, which is
unity, 3d and unreal engine.
But as far as rendering
optimizations go, the graphics drivers
vendors and the game engine
vendors are working together to
do things like multi resolution
rendering. So in the peripherals
render them at low resolution
versus the center. And some
of the VR SDKs have
tricks to draw or cut
out pixels. They can either
cropped out in the process
of being displayed on the
H and D the head
mounted display or distorted. Because
if you, you, you can,
you can imagine like a
monitors, a flat rectangle, right.
Generally speaking, or a window,
I'm looking at a totally
flat 30 inch monitor right
now With VR displays. The
lenses actually distort that and
give it a pin cushion
effect. So the, the, either
the game engine or the
graphics drivers need to invert
that distortion, the court cushion
lens distortion. And basically they
kind of like a like
round image, basically. Interesting. So
those are the kinds of
things where as a game
developer, you would hope that
you picked a good game.
I go to engine that
did that for you. Like
you're making games now at
phenomenon, you would not want
to miss you. You would
want to educate yourself about
this, but hopefully you're not
going to have to do
that because you'll go to
your game engine and say,
this would be a great
feature. You should put this
at the stack. Not, I
shouldn't be thinking about that
as an app developer. Yeah,
definitely. I mean, and I
think that's the advantage of,
of, and the, and the
reason why, you know, there's,
there's some statistic I heard
where, you know, 95% of
games are made with unity
three D. And if I
definitely recommend, if people are
looking to get into VR
development, they download unity 3d
it's, it's free, not free
as an open source free,
but a free as in,
you know, beer free and
download one of the VR
SDKs. There's, there's generally some
built in support and unity
for virtual reality. So you,
you can Actually just check
a checkbox and settings and
it'll render to your virtual
reality head mounted display, and
do the head tracking For
you. So you're saying I
can get hello world VR
running in an hour. Yeah,
definitely. But, Or less than
an hour, really. Like, I
mean, it'd probably take an
hour to download unity and
get a little bit familiar
with it. But if you,
if you're already familiar with
and having it installed, it's
really, you know, start a
blank project and you're in
VR almost. Okay. So let's,
let's put a pin there
for a second. And then
now that I know I
can get hello world running
in and in, in unity
or in an SDK quickly,
I can go from cardboard,
which is a phone and
some cardboard, what would you
put up the next step
gear VR, which is a
phone in a smart VR
headset with additional, additional what
So carb or so gear
VR has it's it has
a much nicer case. It
has straps, which, which help
it has better optics, which
has lenses. Built-in, there's also
some extra hardware. And, and
you mentioned earlier about the
gyroscope and the sensors in
the phone, not necessarily being
high quality, depending on the
phone, et cetera. Right. They
are actually has its own
custom set of sensors. And
it designed specifically for VR.
So you get better tracking
in the, in the harness.
Yes. And I think it
has a little bit of
other hardware, but that's, that's
mostly it there's. So you
are using the power of
the graphics part of your
phone using a Samsung. And
there there's interesting things with
it because there's actually the
Samsung gear VR software puts
your phone in a special
mode that tweaks the GPU
and the CPU and weird
ways where it uses a
little bit more battery power,
but it kind of drives
a little bit more powerful
phone. Cause if you can
imagine a mobile phone, and
this is usually what you
want to do in most
cases, right? You want it
to be very power efficient
and not ease a lot
of battery. Even if you're
doing something like playing a
game or, you know, using
a social networking app that
might use a lot of
battery, right. And, or watching
the video, et cetera, in
the case of VR, because
you kind of want that
short experience, but you want
to get the best experience
possible and you want it
to be as, Yeah. Kinda
if I'm jacked into the
matrix, get that thing heated
up. And let's, overclock Go
a little bit further. So
that's another advantage of gear
VR and gear VR is,
is only on high-end Samsung
phones. So I think it
started with the  and
they've done a couple of
revisions for, for different high
end high end Samsung phones.
And it's clearly Android based
only in that case. But
is it true that the
work is still happening on
the phone? The phone is
self contained, right? I'm not
plugging my computer over the
phone, The phone, the app
runs on the phone. Okay.
So then we've got, so
then cardboard and gear VR,
AR mobile VR going kind
of up the scale. Then
you move into Oculus and
Vive. You are tethered or
somehow have a, an umbilical
cord into a giant computer
with a great video card.
Yeah. Yeah. Currently that's how
it works. There's actually a
very active research into wireless
high end PC head mounted
displays. None of that stuff
is available yet, but I
don't know, it could be
in a year or a
year and a half, you
know, I, I'm not sure
what the timeline is, but
it seems like it's an
active area. I mean, nobody
wants to have a giant
backpack with a Falcon PC
on it, you know, And,
and th th th the,
the tether and the cord,
isn't a deal breaker by
any means, but he can
be annoying. Right. It's, it's,
it's a nice to have
the freedom. And that's actually
one of the things that
mobile VR does better than
the high end stuff. So
resist me. Like I have
a, what was amazing machine
five years ago, but it's
still only what is this?
I'm looking at my device
manager. I've got an Nvidia
seven 50 when I go
online and I play lots
of games at 10 ADP,
but I go online and
they tell me that this
isn't even close for VR.
Yeah. It's not See, even
pause to break it to
me. You were like, I
don't want to. Yeah, it
sucks. This was the greatest
video card in history when
I bought it six years
ago. It's so, so about
three years ago, I bought
a seven ADTI, which is
the most powerful, which was
the most powerful graphics card
at the time. Right. Exactly.
The VR specs when the
Vive came out. So, yeah,
I mean, so now it's,
it's, it's definitely recommended that
you get, you know, a
nine 80 or a 10
80, the minimum spec is
really like a nine 70
GTX and video occurred, but
yeah, but AMD has, has
released a card that is
like around $200, which is
a little bit more reasonable.
It's still not the cheapest
thing in the world, but
it's better than a five
or $600 graphics card that
is powerful enough to run
VR. So you're kind of
seeing the thing where, you
know, a graphics card, performance
pieces quickly, the VR men
spec was set at a
very high level because so
previously to my job at
phenomena, I worked as a
graphics engineer on call of
duty, actually. So big AAA
game console game. And then
that job 60 frames per
second was a big deal.
You know, everyone is buttery
smooth in VR, the as
in the high end stuff
and the, in the mobile
stuff, 60 frames per second
is a requirement. If you
don't want to make people
sick. Oh, so it's not
just about gamers insisting on
60 frames.  if you,
if you drop even slightly
below the target frame rate,
you will make people physically
ill potentially. And for most
likely, so in the high
two eyes, there's tricks to
reduce the cost of that
for, for two eyes, but
it's still two eyes. And
for the high end stuff,
it needs to run at
90 frames per second. So,
which is kind of unheard
of in, in video game
frame rates. And, but, so,
so kind of, I think
years ago, Google was talking
about their target for a
high performing web request was
200 milliseconds right in time
from, you know, when you
type in a query into
Google and obviously Google is
doing a lot of work,
and that's a pretty reasonable
timeframe, I think for what's
happening when you do a
Google query, but for high
end VR at 90 FPS,
that means you have 11
milliseconds to do everything, to
do all of your game
logic, physics, render the world,
et cetera. And you have
to hit that number. Otherwise
people start to get sick.
And the effect you get
is a sin called jutter,
where it feels kind of
like, as you move your
head, it's not moving at
the same rate as your
physical head is moving. Like,
like your eyes kind of
are trailing behind where your
head is. So it's not
a pleasant affect at all.
Someone told me once that,
that literally like 10 to
20 milliseconds is the difference
between people going, wow, that's
amazing. And people getting immediately
and violently ill, it is
definitely like the brain rejects
it. Like your body says,
Oh, you're in the matrix.
That's amazing versus, Oh my
God, what are you doing
to my, you know, this
is not okay, whatever this
input is, you're giving me,
this is so bad and
it's milliseconds. It makes a
difference. And the part that
makes me so sad though,
is that we talk about
this seven 50 video card
that I paid so much
money for it. It's 140
bucks on eBay right now.
You know what I mean?
You can get a hundred
bucks on Craigslist. Does that
mean five years from now?
I can get 2016 top
of the line VR for
hundreds of hundred, couple hundred
bucks, but now it's gonna
cost me A couple of
grand, but I'm hoping that
the, both of the price
of the headsets and the
price of the hardware comes
down very quick soon. I
mean, it's, it's interesting. Cause
later in the year and
into early next year, so
we talked about mobile and
PC a VR, but game
counsels, obviously games are big
application in VR. They're not
going to be the only
one. I think there's a
lot of room for interesting
creative applications and training industrial
applications as well. But games
are obviously a big application
and continue to be so
game consoles will support VR.
So PlayStation four and PlayStation
four pro, which is a
more powerful version of PlayStation.
Four will support PlayStation VR,
which is Sony's own customized
headset that they're selling. And
then Microsoft is also coming
out with a new Xbox
sometime next year, that will
projects that will support some
VR headset. They haven't quite
announced which one, Right? Some
kind of thing. And everyone
wants to be the winner,
right? Like Oculus rift and
Vive. So we talked about
gear VR, Oculus rift, and
Vive are different if I
understand correctly, because Vive knows
where you are in the
room and insist that you
install stuff up at the
top of your ceiling, so
it can position you in
a room. Well, isn't it
true? That rift is more
of a, a sitting thing.
It is seated, but there,
because of the success of
the Vive, they're moving away
from that. So my game
Luna actually, which I've showed
it PAX, which is penny
arcade expo this past weekend
is it's kind of a
creative musical puzzle game and
it's designed for so, so
Vive has five shifts with,
and this is one of
the reasons why it's more
expensive. It's shipped with tracked
controllers, which effectively gives you
hands in the virtual world.
So before Vive, outside of
some special case hardware and
like, like things that didn't
necessarily come with the system
like lead motion and Razer
Hydra, you didn't get hands,
which is a huge thing.
Because as soon as you
get hands in the three
world, you can manipulate things.
You can pick up objects,
it just puts you in
the space more. And it
gives you a lot more
opportunity in terms of both
applications and games. Like you
can imagine having a gooey,
but not having a touchscreen
or a mouse, right. Without
the controllers. It's funny that
you say that because you
know, people, I'm a windows
person and people always, I
always tease Mac people because
like, I like my iPad.
So I always touch my
Mac and it's like, Hey,
how do you all survive?
Like, that's, you're missing a
fundamental sense. And then I
was playing with an Oculus
rift. I was thinking I
was playing like Eve or
some space game. And I
immediately looked down and my
hands weren't there. I was
like, well, there's, there's my
knees, but my hands are
missing. And there's like, Oh,
well you have to move
with your mouse. And I'm
like, eh, it just it's
like, it reminds you that
you aren't really sure. Exactly.
So track controllers many make
a huge difference. So Oculus
is kind of they're we,
we, we were showing our
game on Oculus rip with
their controllers called Oculus touch,
which will be a separate
addition to the headset, which
are coming out sometime later
this year. And, you know,
once again, it adds a
whole new layer to the,
to the whole system and
it adds extra cost to
the whole system also, unfortunately,
but you know, it's, I
think it's a big deal.
And if you're doing development
in unity, for example, in
order to support the controllers,
you have to download the
custom SDKs for the platform
holders. So, Well, your game
Luna, and we'll have a
link to the show notes
at phenomenon.com/luna. It's meant to
be tactile. Like it's not
just, Hey, look, we made
a VR game. It's supposed
to be, you know, you're
supposed to explore and use
gestures. Are you going to
target? Are you and other
developers going to target one?
Like we're gonna be like
Luna, best on Nakia or
Luna best on Vive. Or
do you have to go
and write the code to
make it work as best
it can on everyone's headset?
And it scales up or
down based on what kind
of positional controllers you can
get. It really depends on
the type of game you're
making because our game is
so tactile. We, at this
point, we were really focusing
on systems with controllers, right?
So we probably won't support
Oculus rift without a, without
the touch controllers. But at
the same time, there are
ways to support everything. If
you want to put the
effort into it and you
lose something, but in mobile
VR, for example, or with
Oculus rift, without the controllers,
the focuses on like gays
based interactions, which means you
look at something and what
you have, like a little
cursor in this interview view
and whatever you're focused on
in your cursor, you can
interact with either by hitting
a controller button or in
the case of a gear
VR, you have a cardboard,
you have a button on
the side of the headset,
then you can tap or,
or clicking a mouse. And
these are all what's funny
about this is that you
start to realize that like
making a virtual universe or
virtual world is really complicated,
like, think about what you
just described. Like, I want
to take an action on
something I look at right
now. I just look at
stuff, but I'm going to
have to move my head
rather than actually looking point
a.at something and then take
an action. And everyone's going
to solve that differently until
we actually solve gaze tracking
and include that in one
of these headsets. Yeah. But
then theoretically though, if you
start checking off the list
of stuff that one needs,
you know, super high Rez,
no, jutter, you know, room
tracking, body tracking, maybe the
ability to walk on something
like, I want to put
a, I want to put
on a wireless headset, take
a fake plastic gun, and
I want to run around
my garage without bumping into
the door and play call
of duty. That's the dream.
Yeah, definitely. And I mean,
so there, there's, there's a
couple of interesting avenues there.
So one thing that hasn't
really happened yet, but is
being actively developed is inside
out tracking. So you can
imagine, yeah. You can imagine
that like when the case
of the Oculus or the
Vive you have outside in
tracking where effectively there's cameras
or lasers, you know, scanning
your room or cameras, like
looking at you and doing
some computer vision stuff to
figure out where you are,
but inside out tracking would
be a camera on your
device, looking at your room,
scanning the room, figuring out
what the geometry of your
room is and how far
you moved. This is a
much harder problem from a
computer vision standpoint, I guess,
than can the, the, the
inverse. But I think that
opens up the ability to
move around a little bit
more in your space and
do more interesting things there.
And there, there's also these
ideas of location-based VR, where
you get a much like,
like obviously, you know, one
of the issues with the
vibe is that most people
don't have the room for
the full tracking area in
the Vive. I definitely don't
in my house. Right. I
have a, I have a
small tracking area in an
office, but if you go
to a location based thing,
they can rent out a
whole warehouse or host stadium,
right. And track you. And
you can run around pretty
freely in some of these
experiences without like, you know,
fear of running into a
wall or, you know, bumping
system, Which is why even
now in 2016, we still
play laser tag. You know,
when we go out cause
they have a warehouse. And
so that means that it
could be maybe overstating things,
but it could be the
return of the arcade in
the sense of, I got
my thousand dollar VR at
home and my $10,000 one
at the mall. Yeah, definitely.
And there's kind of an
arise of these VR cafes
because, because of the cost
of the headsets, and there's
a lot of demand for
people to just want to
try them out or like
occasionally play VR experiences. Cool.
So people can learn about
Luna and phenomena and the
games that you all make
there@funomena.com. And there's a bunch
of games that you're working
on. The one you're working
on now is, is Luna,
L U N a. We'll
put a link to that
in the show notes and
people can watch it. I
know that there was a
teaser trailer released recently. Yeah.
And there's actually some gameplay
from PACS that polygon put
out. And I, I recommend
that people take a look
at that also As well.
And what do you recommend,
do you think which VR
headset should I be saving
up for right now? Right
now think both the Oculus
rift and touch, even though
it's not out yet the
vibe and PSVR, which is
also not out yet, it
will all be good options
for different reasons. I own
a Vive just because it
was kind of the first
to do track controllers, but
I also have a Oculus
rift at home as well.
So, you know, I'm, I'm
like kind of just like
have everything, but I think
if you were to buy
something right now, like if
you're going to go to
the store and buy a
headset, this minute, Vive is
probably your best option. If
you're going to wait a
little bit until next year,
definitely the Oculus rift or
with the controllers or PlayStation
VR, if you are more
of a console gamer and
want to play like in
your living room would be
good options as well. It
sounds like it is. I
would be jumping in and
picking something. I have to
pick a horse in this
race. So it sounds like
there isn't a simple answer,
but if I pick something
big, a big company with
a lot of support behind
it, I am definitely going
to have fun. And I
think that if I can
get something where I can
get the games on steam
and then I'll probably be
okay. Yeah, definitely. And you
can get, you can get
games for both Vive and
Oculus rift on steam. So
there you go. Very cool.
Well, thanks so much for
chatting with me today. Oh,
it was great talking to
you. Very cool. That's Scott Anderson,
virtual reality engineer at phenomenol
working on Luna. This has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week.